don't want to hurt animals I just want
everybody to understand that I do not
want to hurt animals a bonus Yin there
are a lot of things I can relate to in
the story of Venus angelic in her
private life as she presents it to the
public believe it or not and there are a
lot of things I can appreciate about her
channel positively Believe It or Not
Venus angelic has reflected at some
length about the feelings of lasting
guilt she has because of her experience
accidentally harming and killing a small
number of animals when she was a child
the pain but even now when I remember
the crying voice and I can remember it
quite clearly it's just it's just it's
just I don't know what to I to some
extent she is still haunted by the
memory of you know the noises this one
little dog made when she accidentally
broke its leg she is to some extent
haunted by the fact that she
accidentally killed a hamster when she
was only three years old most of us have
very few memories from when we were
three years old but she remembers that
and she says you know passionately in
trying to deal with the defamation she's
endured from her own mother from her own
family members which is terrible thing
to go through by the way it is truly
traumatic in a way I think many people
can't relate to to be defamed by someone
who knows you intimately to be defamed
by your own mother or to have your own
mother claiming that you're crazy or
insane cat of the post my mom made on
her Instagram some people started to
believe that I actually have used
animals and I also have an eating
disorder and Asperger's and
sexual and an alcoholic that is very
very hard to deal with and I think most
people at any age would be scarred by
that experience anyway Venus has been
through a lot and you know she's come
out of that making this case for why you
should be compassionate towards animals
and seeing with real emotion that she
would never hurt an animal and it's just
not true to to characterize her as
someone who would you know enjoy killing
small animals these are things that
happen as a child by accident and that
she deeply regrets and is still haunted
by but Venus is living with a sort of
cognitive dissonance there's that
catchphrase you know that's common both
in Western civilization and to be frank
I know it all too well from Asian
civilization also this is what Buddhism
was built on she says so passionately
that she would never kill an animal with
her own hands and I appreciate that
the whole edifice of Buddhist
civilization was based on the idea that
killing an animal with your own hands
was bad karma but if you pay a butcher
to do it then the butcher goes to hell
and you don't and still to this day if
you're living in a country like Sri
Lanka you can meet and know Buddhists
very sincere Buddhists true believing
Buddhists who will tell you that they
buy meat but don't worry
they know the butcher and the butcher is
Muslim don't worry they know the butcher
the butcher is Christian don't worry
they're friends with the butcher and the
butcher is Hindu they will tell you
proudly that because there's such a
pious Buddhist they do buy meat they do
eat meat but they aren't the one getting
the bad karma they aren't the one going
to hell they aren't the one responsible
somebody else is and they check to make
sure that the butcher is not a fellow
Buddhist okay it
in Buddhism people openly espouse this
doctrine I have heard Buddhist monks and
people with a PhD in a university
education defend this idea that the
person who pays money for the meat is
not morally responsible only the person
who holds the knife is right and in
Western civilization this is normally
implicit this is or normally tacit this
is normally some that people don't think
through clearly
don't explain clearly but they believe
on a deep and unspoken level Venus
angelic and again I really I'm not
hating on her there are things I
appreciate about her to know things that
really impress me about what she does on
YouTube although I'm not the target
audience I'm not gonna watch a bunch of
videos with how to do your makeup or how
to change your hair color that ain't me
but nevertheless you know it's so
striking to me that this woman has a
powerful moral commitment to never
harming animals and is haunted by these
memories of how she accidentally did
hurt and kill some animals in her
childhood but she sees nothing wrong
with chopping up the dead body of a
chicken and putting it into a soup in
her own kitchen she sees nothing wrong
with buying and chopping up and chewing
and eating the body parts of dead
animals whether those are fish or pigs
or cows it's not that hard to make the
connection it's not that hard to realize
this animal is dead on your chopping
board now this animal is dead on your
fork is dead on your plate because you
paid someone to kill it and the worst
thing is I mean look if you're talking
about hunting an animal in the wild a
bird that got to live in the forest a
bird that was raised by its own mother
in a nest and that flew free and pursued
its own life until one day the bullet
from a hunter's gun struck it down dead
that's one thing but the reality is the
chickens we eat in Western civilization
in the modern world they are born just
to die they live their whole lives in
captivity
the only world they know is a world made
out of concrete and steel the only food
they ever eat is food given to them by a
human hand
what hand the same hand that one day
will wring their necks it's the same
hand they live without ever knowing a
relationship with their own parents
without ever knowing what it's like to
forage in the wild and the same is true
about the pigs and the cows factory
farming is a moral obscenity so far
removed even from what we might justify
or glorify as hunting as animals living
in the wild that one day a human being
happens to kill them you have to
appreciate these animals are not merely
killed they are deprived of ever having
a life they are born just to suffer and
die and why for our convenience to
provide us with food that is both
unhealthy and unnecessary I'm not gonna
lie to you I'm not gonna say that it is
easy or inevitable for someone like
Venus to connect the dots to make that
leap of inference that she is still
paying for someone somewhere to torture
this animal to death when she buys it at
the grocery store when she puts it on
our plane because people live their
whole lives without making that
connection and most absurdly in Buddhism
people become adherents to a religion
that preaches you should not even kill a
mosquito you literally should not kill a
fly and yet they never make the
connection that paying for meat paying
for leather is an evil act they live
their whole lives with those
contradictory principles I would
challenge you if you're not vegan
watching this video to ask yourself who
is responsible for an act of violence
when we're talking with human beings
carrying out violence against other
human beings is it the person who holds
the knife is it the soldier who pulls
the trigger who's just following orders
or is it the person who makes the
decision
is it the commander who gives the orders
who is more responsible the person in
the slaughterhouse who is just doing
their job who is just following orders
or the person who has a choice people
like you and me Venus every day we have
a choice we can choose to eat meat or we
can choose not to buy meat to refuse to
buy meat because it's the right thing to
do
ultimately we're the ones in the
position of giving the command were the
ones creating the demand it's us as
consumers who have to be morally
responsible for violence against animals
about us Yin Yin